>> Kyle Simpson: I referenced a bit
earlier a sort of magical behavior like
accessing properties on primitive values.
Remember, you access a length
on a primitive string or
some method on a primitive number,
for example.
So how does that work?
How is it that we access the .length
of some string value here?
This DOM elements value
is always a string.
So how do we access that .length?
Well, it turns out that's called boxing.
It's a form of implicit coercion.
It's not called out in the same
way in the abstract operations.
But I think it absolutely in
spirit is an implicit coercion.
It is saying you have this
thing that is not an object and
you're trying to use it
as if it is an object.
Me, JavaScript I'm gonna be helpful and go
ahead and make it into an object for you.
The only other option would be for the
JavaScript to throw an exception that said
you're trying to access
a property on an primitive value.
I am actually quite happy that JavaScript
implicitly coerces these primitives
into their object counterpart so that I
can access properties and methods on them.
I think that makes
the code much more clear.
If I wanted to write code where I had to
turn a primitive into an object just to
use it, I'd go write Java.
This, I think,
is one of the unsung heroes of JavaScript,
that it does this boxing and
it does it well.
But it is an implicit coercion.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Is that where
this notion of everything
is an object comes from?
>> Kyle Simpson: It is,
that's exactly what I meant when I was
talking in the intro, that people
think that everything's an object.
And it turns out that things
can behave as objects, but
that doesn't make them an object.
This is not an object.
It is a primitive string that has
an optimization in it where you can access
a property as if it was an object.
So these are all examples of coercion
that are happening in your programs.
And the larger point that I want to
make is whether we call them coercion or
we call them conversion every single
language in existence that you've ever
programmed in has to deal
with type conversions.
It is complete nonsense to
suggest that you can write
valid reasonable JavaScript programs and
not need to deal with type conversion.
You're always gonna have a string
that you need to treat as a number or
a number that you need
to treat as a Boolean.
You are going to have to deal
with conversions, aka coercion.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's
absolutely necessary, so,
you're gonna use it whether
you're admitting it or not.
Cuz you really have no choice.